The photographic database with which this source code is designed to interface 
contains low-resolution images which are the property of The City of New York
Department of Records - Municipal Archives. Any use of these images is subject 
to terms and conditions which may be imposed from time to time by The City of 
New York. This includes any derivative images created or used by this code. 
The image database may not be used for any commercial purpose without 
appropriate permission. Prints or high-resolution images should be ordered from 
the Municipal Archives via this page, which describes the conditions for their 
use: http://www.nyc.gov/html/records/html/gallery/orderform.shtml

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Brandon Liu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
